These people mean to stop and act like a manager,
So strong that no one is there,
When shooting for business, let’s not talk about taking the right seats.
Convenient and easy to run around the house.
Vice President, I’m here to learn Chinese together,
shouldn't like it,
People who shouldn’t work for a living,
I understand. It seems that I am interested in tonight.
In the era of Shunzuo, it is no longer possible.
I don't have anyone, the vice president won't tell me, it's just a matter of time.
In the era of Shunzuo, we still acted, yes, right.
And that friend,
Wan Zun Wenwen has Xiaosi Wen,
That's what I saw now that I was there
What will happen after millions of likes?
I saw it was about a three-month breakup and a relationship with a man.